2 and 1/2 years ago we launched the LT
backpack which has been a huge success
for us delighting almost 50,000 Tech
enthusiasts but just because it was
successful doesn't mean it's perfect
where does my umbrella go in the allnew
LT commuter backpack which I first
teased to you guys about 6 months ago
when I was walking the streets of Taiwan
in a nutshell the commuter backpack
takes everything that was great about
the original LT backpack and puts it in
a smaller more stylish package the best
part is that if you buy it through
YouTube shopping right now you will get
$30 off while supplies last look at that
thing looking at them side by side you
wouldn't even believe that this has 20 L
of capacity and because we moved the
water bottle holder to the outside while
also doubling it up on the other side to
hold an umbrella or foldable cane you
give up surprisingly little in terms of
the total carrying capacity now
obviously we had to make some cuts to
hit the lower price Point gone are our
trademark Carabiner Clips but when it
comes to Quality we remain as
uncompromising as ever it's made of the
same reprieve fabric that's manufactured
from recycled water bottles and happens
to be water resistant it uses YKK water
resistant zippers with a custom LTT pull
and it has a dual riveted reinforced
handle meaning that you can load this
thing up with as much as you could
freaking want and hang it by the handle
every day without worrying about it
ripping off our custom molded foam
padded shoulder straps make a return
this time with a a new contoured shape
that helps to accommodate narrower as
well as wider frames and keeping with
that theme of quality we've gone with
metal adjustment straps here and a yes
certified dual layer bottom meaning that
if you're the kind of person who's like
me and gets home at the end of the day
and just slides your backpack across the
floor even if you wear through that
bottom layer there will be another one
there to help you out and there's so
much to say about this we added multiple
attach points for the chest drop
depending on your preference or if you
just want to hang other accessories off
of the bag we upgraded the material that
covers the custom molded back foam we
added a tighter luggage strap so it
shouldn't flop around and of course
making a return is our RFID blocking
hidden Pocket in the back for your
passport or your wallet since we're down
here the bottoms of the straps are also
rivet reinforced and this is cool if
you're not that into the whole water
bottle thing on the side more hidden
pockets for extra capacity here's mine I
use it for my mouse Boop can't even tell
it's in there I guess on the subject of
my personal bag now is as good a time as
any to show you guys how I load it out
by transferring everything over to this
brand new one we'll start with the
sunglasses pocket which of course uses a
nice soft micro suede material that's
not going to scratch your lenses then
keeping with the theme of keeping your
stuff protected we've got this awesome
laptop pouch the team works really hard
to have the water bottle holders on both
sides of the bag while also allowing
this zipper to come all the way down so
you can really see what you're doing in
here we use a combination of our
standard rip stop material and a screen
safe micro suede to ensure that your
devices all stay safe when you're
carrying them also this is great both of
the pockets are suspended a little bit
above the bottom of the bag so even when
you've got your devices in there if you
set your bag down hard you don't have to
worry about them taking any damage also
in here we've got a nice little zipper
pouch in the bottom for living that
dongle life and a couple of pouches for
things like battery Banks wall Chargers
and cables nice it isn't completely
without compromise unlike the original
LTT backpack which can fit even some 17
or 18-in class laptops this one is
designed to fit most 15.4 and some 16s
like the MacBook Pro 16 but is really
most comfortable with a 13 or a 14 now
let's whip open our classic bag of
holding which by the way also has a
super low zipper so you can get it open
and get your stuff out like your
convenient LTT Tech
sack packing materials we try to
minimize plastic packaging turns out
they're still the way that makes the
most sense for stuff like this oh before
I put this
in more Pockets zipper pocket on the
bottom I like to keep my valuables down
there but apparently we're calling it a
snack pocket so you can put whatever you
want down there screwdriver pocket
complete with our trademark zipper just
in case you accidentally drop a bit or
something into the bottom of it Pen
pocket for your bolt action scribe
driver pen LTT store.com and then the
rest of this is kind of up to you I keep
some chapstick portable SSD an amulet to
protect me from 5G extra SD card the
sky's kind of the limit if you have
anything that you really don't want to
come out though one of these flaps is
magnetic pretty nice little addition oh
yes the bag of holding portion makes a
triumphant return from our original
backpack allowing you to pack it with
pretty much whatever you're going to
need I've got my tech saac in there I've
got my hoodie and that's pretty much it
wait where is the air tag pocket again
oh hold on we've got a little spot here
to put your keys metal of course cuz we
like building stuff that lasts and us
there it is right up there slip your air
tag in there and unless they've watched
this
video a wouldbe backpack Thief is
unlikely to find it by the way the team
asked me to point out that this is a
really good spot to put your mouse cuz
it's a stretchy pocket compared to the
rip stop material that we're using on
all of the other ones there's a lot more
to tell you guys but first I got to tell
you about our sponsor for this video
Shopify who we've been using for LTT
store.com since
2019 thanks to their intuitive tools and
robust features we've been able to
process hundreds of thousands of orders
actually coming up close to a million
and for creators like us they offer a
fantastic feature that integrates our
shop across all social platforms like
YouTube Facebook Instagram and more and
it's not just us millions of people in
over 170 countries are selling online
using Shopify and if you're just
starting out don't worry they make it
super easy for anyone to get started
with their simple drag and drop store
editor marketing tools and even
real-time insights into customer
shopping Behavior with Shopify live view
so head to shopify.com shortcircuit
and get started and see why Shopify is
the go-to platform for entrepreneurs and
businesses worldwide I'm sure there's a
handful of things that I've overlooked
like oh the extremely subtle branding
that we integrated into it but hey maybe
that's for you guys to discover when you
get your own we're going to have it
linked in the video description or if
you're watching this right away and we
haven't sold out of the discount code
yet if you buy it through YouTube
shopping you'll be eligible for a $3 us
discount bringing the price down to
$119.99 which is
like even at 150 bucks I think it's an
outstanding value so there it is guys
the LTT commuter bag The Tech backpack
evolved we sold what did I say 11,000 of
these day one last time 12,000 12,000
okay 17 we're doubling It 2 Double I I
think it's a really good backpack I say
I'm saying 19
which means we're going to sell out of
the discount code day one